Improve harvest jobs notifications (#407)
ckan/ckanext-harvest: README.rst

Send error mails when harvesting fails (optional)
=================================================

If you want to send an email when a **Harvest Job fails**, you can set the following configuration option in the ini file:

    ckan.harvest.status_mail.errored = True

> If you want to send an email when **all Harvest Job finishes** (whether or not it failed), you can set the following configuration option in the ini file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to send an email when **a Harvest Job finishes** (whether or not it failed), you can set the following configuration option in the ini file:
```

> If you want to send an email when **all Harvest Job finishes** (whether or not it failed), you can set the following configuration option in the ini file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to send an email when **all Harvest Jobs finish** (whether or not it failed), you can set the following configuration option in the ini file:
```

>     ckan.harvest.status_mail.all = True

Reviewer 2: "completed" might be a better term than all, since we're notifying on any job completion regardless of status.
